 20 minutes to midnight. The elevators are broken above the eighth floor so I'm forced down the stairwell of my building. I have to get to Seattle Center but all I can think about is how all of this is an illusion. Seattle at night is a different animal entirely. Like any other city after dark it's a blood pumping living organism. The same buildings corners and streets a day but different characters, storylines and tones at night. Especially under your zeep. 10 minutes to midnight. I set out on first avenue the orange you have street lights illuminate patches of frigid street that guide me closer and closer to the heart of downtown. Every year gyms are flooded with hopeful prospects looking to reinvent their lives. Printers break under the heat of spitting out self helpbooks and influencers the world over assure you the 24 hours from now. We'll bring a new year and a new version of yourself. 5 minutes to midnight. A villain is blank at a fog and rolled off the Olympic Peninsula covering all of Seattle and a blinding haze that obscured anything beyond 100 yards. Seattle Center couldn't be farther away from me and I don't know why but this night seemed to bother me. In many ways and for some of us this night can feel like the earliest moment of the year. A sludge of marketing and nostalgic scenes from cinema fled your algorithm reminding you that you should have someone at midnight or be somewhere to embrace this next version of yourself. I never bought into it but it doesn't mean I didn't want to. I'd given up that I would make it to Seattle Center. It was cold and I found comfort in the glow of the public market sign. A place that I've walked a hundred times but the night feels like a different world. Hundreds of diverging storylines that are all bound for the same midnight celebration. A date that started 2,000 years ago into Julius Caesar and since been adopted the world over as the start of the New Year. But I can't help but think January 1st is all an illusion because it is. The first of the year used to be March for the Persians, April for Mesopotamia, July for the Egyptians, and the New Year was September for the Ancient Greeks. Dates used for civic and agricultural resets, the end of harvest or the first new moon. Newer's eve is an illusion of the highest order and see it's not that I don't want to be a new person or reinvent myself like some Tyler Durd and Fever dream. It's that it doesn't matter. And that's the best news of all. It doesn't matter if you make that silly little video that your friends will laugh at or approach that person you're afraid will reject you because years from now and you're old and grey it's not the self-help books you'll be claiming to. It will be this. This moment right here that you can't get back you'll think to yourself I should have just gone for you. Where is my mind My way my oh